Dear Editor,
we would like to thank the Referee for her/his comments,
which have been helpful to correct and improve the paper.
We answer in detail to all the points in the following.
We implemented all the requested changes and
we hope that with these modification the paper is now suitable
for publication on JHEP.




1.
We thank the referee for pointing out a mistake of our writing.
In our calculation we computed explicitly and separately
the uubar and ddbar channels.
We repeated the calculation with two distinct codes generating the Feynman amplitudes and,
after the relevant manipulations, we found perfect agreement.

When describing the generation of the amplitude,
we overlooked the possible problem with the WW boxes and we gave a misleading
recipe.
We corrected the text specifying what we actually did and describing in a correct way how the uubar and ddbar amplitudes are related.


2.
We corrected the text according to the referee request.

3.
At page 7, we point the reader to ref.[79] for the complex mass scheme.

4.
The question asked by the referee is twofold.
a)
The one-loop expressions have been generated in two completely independent ways relying on QGRAF and on FeynArts, with perfect agreement, separately for uubar and ddbar channels as already commented for point 1. .
b)
When discussing the 1-loop boxes, the relevance of the complex mass scheme emerges, because of the presence of a threshold at 2 MV, being MV the mass of the gauge boson (W or Z).
We have expressed the 1-loop integrals in terms of GPLs or via A,B,C, and D scalar integral functions.
We have used GiNaC to evaluate the GPLs and Looptools for the A,B,C,D scalar functions.
For the epsilon^0 contribution in dimensional regularization, we can compare
the two evaluations finding perfect agreement with each other, with both real and complex masses;
we can also evaluate the scalar massive box via series expansion
and also in this case we find perfect agreement;
we studied the dependence of these functions on the value of the gauge boson decay width, finding a regular behaviour.

5. and 6.
The results of the code which performs the series expansion has been compared
with PySecDec in the non-physical euclidean region, where PySecDec provides
precise results. We found perfect agreement within the numerical uncertainty affecting the PySecDec results.
In the physical region PySecDec has convergence problems.
We performed a detailed comparison against DiffExp with real masses. In particular we compared the two solutions for 4 different values of sqrt(s) (one below the MV threshold, one between the MV and 2MV ones and two above the 2MV one) and for 2 different values of cos theta. We found an agreement of 10^-12.
We also performed a comparison with Ginac for the 31 integrals expressed in terms of GPLs and evaluated with complex masses. The agreement is of order 10^-7. The value of the last 5 integrals with complex masses is a prediction.

7.
The hard virtual coefficient function H has been evaluated in 3250 points and
those are used as starting point for interpolation.
The binning is finer around the Z resonance and coarser in the high mass tail;
it is uniform with respect to the scattering angle.
The evaluation of H at any intermediate point is achieved via linear interpolation of the grid values and the relative discrepancy compared to the exact result is smaller than 0.001  (??),
understandable given the smoothness of the correction and the binning adapted to the NLO behaviour of the distribution.

8.
The numerical evaluation of the Master Integrals requires a fixed amount of time for each step of the transportation of the boundary conditions of ~60 s. The number of steps necessary for evaluating one point depends on the closeness of the starting and ending point, and on the presence of singularities that need to be avoided. For entering the physical region, usually 20 steps are required. For the evaluation of every additional point a number between 1 and 10 steps is necessary.

Once the grid of the Master Integral values is ready,
the evaluation of one point of the function H takes a time of order XXX s.

Once the grid for the function H is ready, quering the interpolation function
takes 0.001 s.

9.
We have already provided with the first submission a full grid of values,
useful as benchmarks as suggested by the Referee.

10.
We provide in the text the requested values.




