Dear Editor,
we would like to thank the Referee for her/his comments,
which have been helpful to correct and improve the paper.
We answer in detail to all the points in the following.
We have implemented all the requested changes and
we hope that, with these modifications, the paper is now suitable
for publication on JHEP.


1. We thank the referee for pointing out a mistake of our writing.
In our calculation, we have computed explicitly and separately the uubar
and ddbar channels. We have performed the computation with two independent
codes generating the Feynman amplitudes and, after the relevant
manipulations, we found perfect agreement.

While describing the generation of the amplitude, we overlooked the
possible problem with the WW boxes and we gave a misleading recipe. We
have corrected the text specifying what we actually did.


2. We have corrected the text according to the request of the referee.

3. At page 7, we point the reader to ref.[79] for the complex mass scheme.

4. The question asked by the referee is twofold.

(a) The one-loop expressions have been generated in two completely
independent ways relying on QGRAF and on FeynArts, with perfect agreement,
separately for uubar and ddbar channels as already commented for point 1.


(b) When discussing the one-loop boxes, the relevance of the complex mass
scheme emerges, because of the presence of a threshold at 2*MV, MV being
the mass of the gauge boson (W or Z). We have expressed the one-loop
integrals in terms of GPLs or via A,B,C, and D scalar integral functions.
We have used GiNaC to evaluate the GPLs and Looptools for the A,B,C,D
scalar functions.
For the epsilon^0 contribution in dimensional regularization, we have compared
the two evaluations finding perfect agreement with each other, with both
real and complex masses. We have also evaluated the scalar massive box via
series expansion and also in this case we find perfect agreement. We have
studied the dependence of these functions on the value of the gauge boson
decay width, finding a regular behavior.

We now mention these comparisons at page 10 for point (a) and at page 21 for point (b).


5. and 6.
The results of the code which performs the series expansion have been compared
with PySecDec in the euclidean region, where PySecDec provides
precise results.
We have found perfect agreement within the numerical uncertainty affecting the PySecDec results.
In the physical region PySecDec has instead convergence problems.
We have performed a detailed comparison of our code against DiffExp with real masses.
In particular we have compared the solutions for 4 different values of sqrt(s)
(one below the MV threshold, one between the MV and 2MV ones and two above the 2MV threshold)
and for 2 different values of cos theta. We have found agreement at the 10^-40 level.
We have also performed a comparison with Ginac for the 31 integrals expressed in terms of GPLs
and evaluated with complex masses. The agreement is of order 10^-40.
A higher level of agreement is possible by adding more terms to the series expansion
in both codes.
The value of the last 5 integrals with complex masses is a prediction.
We refer to this comparison at pages 17 and 18.


7. The hard virtual coefficient function H has been evaluated in 3250
points and those are used as starting point for interpolation. The binning
is finer  around the Z resonance and coarser in the high mass tail; it is
uniform with respect to the scattering angle. The evaluation of H at any
intermediate point is achieved via linear interpolation of the grid values
and the relative discrepancy compared to the exact result is smaller than
0.001, understandable given the smoothness of the correction and the binning
adapted to the NLO behaviour of the distribution.
Increasing the binning to improve the accuracy of the interpolation is straightforward.
We consider our current choice sufficient for accurate phenomenological studies.
We added a comment at page 20.


8.
The numerical evaluation of the Master Integrals requires a fixed amount of time of ~60 s,
for each step of the transportation of the boundary conditions.
The number of steps necessary for evaluating one point depends
on the distance between the starting and ending point,
and on the presence of singularities that need to be avoided.
Entering the physical region usually requires 20 steps,
and this is a fixed overhead in the generation of a grid of values.
The evaluation of every additional point requires a number of steps between 1 and 10.

Once the grid of the Master Integral values is ready,
the evaluation of one point of the hard function H takes a time of order 180 s.

Once the grid for the function H is ready, quering the interpolation function
takes a negligible amount of time.

We added some comments in section 5.3 to describe these performances.


9. We have provided a full grid of values, useful as benchmarks as suggested by the Referee.


10. We provide in eq. (5.4) the requested values.


--------------
In addition to the above changes,
we spotted that Equation 3.9 had a typo,
because the last 3 integrals of topologies B16 and B16p
must coincide with the last 3 expressions presented later in equation 5.3 .
We have corrected the text.


While computing the values for equation (5.4)
we have spotted that the grids provided in the ancillary files had a problem.
They have been computed with a Master Integrals basis
that we were testing before the paper submission,
which does not coincide with what we have used to compute the amplitude.
This change has an impact only on the two last Master integrals of our two-masses set.


We have now replaced the plots of the MIs and the grids in the ancillary files,
using the MI's basis described in the text.
The numerical impact on the final grid is fortunately minor.






